---
layout: post
title: "Episode 278: The Age of Ideas"
tags: [AI]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

<div id="buzzsprout-player-18877998"></div><script src="https://www.buzzsprout.com/1501960/episodes/18877998-episode-278-the-age-of-ideas.js?container_id=buzzsprout-player-18877998&player=small" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8"></script>

<br>In this episode, Conor and Bryce chat about the age of ideas, whether AI will lead to cognitive atrophy, some exiciting personal news and more!

<!--more-->

* [Link to Episode 278 on Website](https://adspthepodcast.com/2026/03/20/Episode-278.html)  
* [Discuss this episode, leave a comment, or ask a question (on GitHub)](https://github.com/codereport/adsp2/discussions/180)
* [Transcript](#transcript)

### Socials
 
* ADSP: The Podcast: [Twitter](https://twitter.com/adspthepodcast)
* Conor Hoekstra: [LinkTree / Bio](https://conorshakory.com)
* Bryce Adelstein Lelbach: [Twitter](https://x.com/blelbach)

### Show Notes

**Date Recorded:** 2026-03-10 <br>
**Date Released:** 2026-03-20

* [Hank Green - This is Going to be Very Messy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MLbOulrLA0)
* [arraybox.dev](https://arraybox.dev)
* [podgod.ca](https://podgod.ca)
* [kp (Kernel Profiler)](https://github.com/NVlabs/parrot/tree/main/scripts/kp)

### Intro Song Info
 
Miss You by Sarah Jansen https://soundcloud.com/sarahjansenmusic<br>
Creative Commons — Attribution 3.0 Unported — CC BY 3.0<br>
Free Download / Stream: http://bit.ly/l-miss-you<br>
Music promoted by Audio Library https://youtu.be/iYYxnasvfx8<br>

### Transcript

<details id="transcript" style="white-space: pre-line"><summary>Click to expand transcript</summary>

Conor 0:00
You've got the designer, the software engineer, and the product manager. And every like the short version of it is every single one of them doesn't think they need the other two now.

Bryce 0:09
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Conor 0:10
Like the software engineer thinks they can do both designing and product.

Bryce 0:13
But it's like it's so true. Five or six or seven years ago, when I was doing a lot more day-to-day engineering, I didn't know any of that stuff either. And I don't think anyone ever did. If I needed to know how to use something, I would don't go and do some desperate Google search.

Conor 0:27
Product managers and like team leads, they used to just do what we are now doing. Like they would delegate to employees. And now we can delegate to these LLMs. And it is it is intoxicating. And I mean I've kind of buried the lead. I I forgot that I was supposed to tell you this. So very exciting personal news. Welcome to ADSP the podcast, episode 278, recorded on March 10th, 2026. My name is Connor, and today with my co-host Bryce, we chat about living in the age of ideas, the ideas we have, whether AI is going to lead to cognitive atrophy, and also some exciting personal news. I listened to, I think it was a Hank Green, I don't know if you want to call it podcast, but it was him kind of monologuing for 75% of it, but then he talked to a professor for a little bit. Maybe those percentages are off. But there were all these concerns that he had, and like one of them was like cognitive atrophy. And the idea that, you know, because we're not thinking, quote unquote, as much because of these tools, we uh the same way you can have muscle atrophy, which is when like your muscles degrade when you're in outer space, or because you're like bedridden in a hospital, or maybe d degradation is the word. I mean atra atrophy is the right word, but I'm just trying to find a word to explain it. But anyways, you don't use your muscles, they disappear. And so this is the same idea for your brain. And I don't know, I just I just I think that's kind of like wild that you think people are going to not be using their brain. Like you're gonna use different because uh on one hand I do agree, you do lose the ability. Like I always have this analogy of dictionaries. Like kids don't look things up in dictionaries anymore. Unless if you're like a great parent and you have a physical dictionary and you get your kids to look it up. But I don't think most kids are using dictionaries these days, and you learn so much from looking things up in dictionaries, from the distribution of like letters, you know, like if you're looking up something that starts with a Z or Z if you're in America or a different country, you you just go to the back and you start flipping the pages, right? Whereas if you are looking something up with an A, you still might flip a little bit. And like where is F and P in relation to like the start and end? And then once you get close, you know, looking at the top left and right words, there's so much like you're basically doing a kind of binary search at a certain point. Kids don't do that now. You just, you know, go to type in the word and go define, and half these times you just ask Alexa now or Siri or whatever like AI, you know, or non-AI voice assistant that you have. And I do think that like that impacts the skills and the things that you learn. But do I think that like the youth are like doomed because they don't have dictionaries anymore? That's like I don't know. It's uh I don't know. Did you have thoughts? Like, have you heard of this like cognitive atrophy, like and and and people worrying that we're gonna lose a generation of thinkers because we're we're now like dispatching all of this like knowledge work? And and the reason this came up is because I don't do the typing of like cd dot dot, you know, cd command, and then like I don't type, and a lot of the times now, like now that I'm working with not Android Studio, but like the ADB shell commands in order to like build APKs and launch the emulator, I don't know how to spell any of that stuff. Well, I just know that the models know.

Bryce 4:11
I don't know about you, but like five or six or seven years ago when I was doing a lot more day-to-day engineering, I didn't know any of that stuff either. And I don't think anyone ever did. If I needed to know how to use something, I would don't go and do some desperate Google search and then go look on some Stack Overflow or some other forum to find some magical invocation that would do what I what I wanted. I never like there were some things that like I knew, but then there were also like a lot of things where I would have to go do the research myself on how to use the the command of the tool, and or I would forget how to do something, I'd forget how to spell some flag or something, or I would go like you know, I would use the tool, but then I would do like dash dash help, and then like you know, the help was not always like you know, not always good. And like like this is like true true not just for like command line tools, but just like for like anything, like you know, I feel like um it's just like more efficient now. I I don't buy that there's like a cognitive dissonance here. One because we're we're still looking at a lot of code. I mean, at least me, I'm I you know, go and review the code. There's not like I don't review everything. If it's like a substantive change to like an API or something, like yeah, I'm gonna like review every line. If it's like I've like written some script, you know, like, hey, like, you know, add a add a script to, you know, check the format of these Jupyter notebooks in this repo. I'm not gonna go read that script because like I don't need to go and understand all the details of that little script. That's like not load-bearing, you know, that's like something that's gonna run as like a GitHub action. What I need to know is whether that that script is like doing the right job or not. And so like I'll like write the tests for it, I'll write the validation for it, but I don't necessarily need to read every line of that little Python code. Whereas like if I'm making a change to like my tutorial content or to like an API in like a critical library, like, yeah, I'm gonna read that a lot more carefully. But like I do feel like we're reading a lot more code. There are still, there are still times where I'm writing code too, because one technique that I often use is if I know I need to make like a repetitive change in a bunch of places in the code base, and if I know exactly what that change will look like, or even if like I know like I need to make like a similar change, I will go and manually type the the change I want. And then I'll highlight that context, I'll put it into the chat and I'll say, hey, go like, you know, I want, for example, yesterday I was changing some of the imports, like the ordering of the imports in some of my uh Python notebooks. And I wanted it like formatted like in a certain way and in a certain order. And so I went and I did it in the way that I wanted. And then I highlighted it and I told the agent, like, here's how I want it. Go like, go, go like description of the change, go order things this way. Here's an example that I just did for you, go apply it everywhere else. And like that was a lot quicker than me because that was on the third try where I'd I had started it off in this task, which was like to change how one thing was imported. And the first time it had done the change correctly, but I did not like how the code was structured. And so I I asked it to change it and I described how I wanted it changed, and then it didn't get it quite right the second time. And then the third time I was about to describe for it again how I wanted it to be changed, and I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna give it the example. And uh I I find myself doing that a lot of like giving an example or a pattern to follow or like pseudocode or something. So I I definitely I think at least for me, who uh was in more of like an engineering leadership role and was maybe prior to last year, I was only spending like 30 or 40 percent of my time writing code, whereas I feel like I'm spending more time now doing software engineering work, not necessarily writing code, but driving the writing of code. I feel like that means my skills are not atrophied, but I'm actually using them more than I would have otherwise.

Conor 8:15
Yeah, there's this anecdote that I've heard a couple times on different podcasts where like you've got the designer, the software engineer, and the product manager. And every like the short version of it is every single one of them doesn't think they need the other two now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the the software engineer thinks they can do both designing and product, but it's like it's so true. Like, I, you know, it's basically, you know, product managers and like team leads, they used to just do what we are now doing. Like they would delegate to employees, and now we can delegate to these LLMs, and it is it is intoxicating. And like I was never good at, you know, I don't know, go learning some framework, you know. I I had done a bunch of different projects. Like at one point I I wrote a my Scrabble training program called Hookstar, and I wrote it using Python and PyArcade, and it was it never really looked that beautiful. And there was a bunch of things I wanted to add to it. Like it functioned the way I want it to function, but it is a is it a good piece of software? No. You know, but like if I had started, you know, today with Ma it would be like a hundred times better. It would look nicer, you know, it it would probably be sitting somewhere in some PyPI thing because, you know, in order to bundle something up and package it and release it, like I'd be like, sure, well, why not do it, right? And yeah, it is yeah, this idea that I don't know. I mean maybe for some folks, for some folks that aren't curious, that don't want to learn or whatever, you know, maybe this is like an easy way to just call it in every day. But now I've just like every single thing that I've ever thought of as like an idea, I can now go and implement. And I guess, yeah, maybe this is the time to pivot to the idea guy, the uh what my butt my buddy just mentioned me, sent me a link the other day of the chief imagination officer at some company. And he was like, they finally have created a C-level title for uh vibe coders.

Bryce 10:05
That that you gave, which is yeah, that oh well, he's your he's your boss, I'll let you say it.

Conor 10:10
Insights are ideas worth keeping. But the larger context was I was saying, I got all these ideas, you know, code doesn't even matter anymore. Like we need to put these ideas, you know, in papers or out in the world, but like the actual implementation, like everyone, like and that's yeah, and anyway, so it's it's just the ideas slash insights. This is like the important stuff. And like that's why I'm so excited about this podcast player, because like like I was mentioning in the uh two episodes ago, I don't know anybody that listens to as many podcasts or spends as much time editing. And that that means that like just myself is probably better than like a team of ten testers because every day I'm either in the car driving somewhere, testing out Android Auto, or you know, on a run or doing dishes or baking. And like every single time you're doing that, like you're running into different use cases of how you want this player to work. And I've got I've got so many good ideas of like I used to tweet out these like quotes and I would just make them in PowerPoint, and then I'd screenshot it and I'd I'd tweet it out on Twitter. And it would be like a quote by you know Brian Cantrell from Oxide and Friends about something. And wouldn't it be nice if during while you were listening to a podcast, you could just like hit pause right at the end of like what someone said, like hit some button that brings you to a dialogue where you can drag back a slider to where you want like the quote to start and end, then hit another button, it just turns that into a visual sound bite with like you know the podcast art, a little wavy thing that you know, like every single time I send them out on Fridays, and then also to like you know, transcribe the quote and then automatically put that as the content of like the tweet, and then like automatically do it to Blue Sky, Twitter, you know, all the different socials. That I guarantee you, you can do that in an afternoon. And I just am not at the point where I want to add like sharing functionality to the podcast player. But but yeah, like ideas like that, I got uh I got a hundred ideas, and that's a great idea, folks, because you know what that's a flywheel idea. You start getting people to post little quick clips, it highlights you know the great podcasts that are worth listening to for other people that are interested in finding podcast content, but at the same time, it'll say listen to on Podgod, and then it'll get people interested in the podcast app. Anyways, what are your thoughts? What are your ideas, your grand envisions for the world?

Bryce 12:23
Well, so it's interesting because like I feel like you have all of these like consumer-facing ideas, and uh like my ideas are like all like like either like work or just like very like system software y. Maybe that says something about like the type of person we are.

Conor 12:41
Well, you don't really listen to podcasts, right? Like I spend so much time listening to podcasts that I just like I I realize that like all the podcast players suck. They suck. There's ads everywhere. And so maybe if you know, I don't know, you you make a lot.

Bryce 12:55
There are some things like you have like inspired me that there are some things where it's like, you know, like I don't have like a, you know, I've been searching for like a good software to like track track my like investments. Like I've tried a couple and like none of them really do what I want. And it's like, oh, I could probably just like build something that does exactly what I want. But like a lot of the things that I've that I need to build are things where I can just have an AI build me the like I don't need like an app for it. Like I don't I don't need to build software for it. I can just use AI to like do the task. Like, you know, like the like the investment thing is like a good example. Like I could build like a separate like app or piece of software for like, you know, tracking my investments, or I could just tell it like build me a spreadsheet. And the if I tell it to just like build me a spreadsheet, like Excel probably has all the functionality to do what I need. And like that's probably fine as a platform for it. Or like if I need like a lot, a lot of the tasks that I tend to give AI are like generating some form of known, some form of document in like a known format. And like the pod the podcast one was like a really good idea because like that is like a concrete thing that like it's not like a known format of thing. It's not like you like you need like it's not like there's you know an Excel spreadsheet equivalent for listening to podcasts. It's like you're frustrated with the podcast players that that exist out there. But then like you also you have all these other projects of like these various like sort of uh web front-end things, like the array box, or like you you always have like a dozen of these that you're building at any given point in time. And you did this even before AI. I I don't know, I guess maybe I have lots of those things. One thing that I could that I do wish I could use AI for, but I've not really been able to yet, is for building my slide decks because like I have my entire library of existing slides in PowerPoint. I'm very specific about the the visuals and how I want the visuals of my slides to appear. And the thing that I've still find AI struggles substantially with is generating me like pictographs or like graphics for slides that look exactly like what I want. And that remains like a that remains a serious pain point for me. And like that, like I know I have to spend some time this week making slides for Nvidia's conference next week, GTC, and I know that that's gonna be like a huge time-consuming thing, and I wish I had AI that could help me with that.

Conor 15:20
So, yes, let's let's enumerate. I mean, there's there's stuff that I don't even talk about that uh my newest creation is my AI trainer pace for my my running goals. Oh, and uh, maybe this is a good time. I mean, I've kind of buried the lead. I I forgot that I was supposed to tell you this. So very exciting personal news. So random, it's gonna be in the middle of like episode 269. Probably should have put this at the beginning. Shema and I have very exciting news to share with Bryce and the ADSP community. We will be expecting a baby.

Bryce 15:49
Oh, congratulations.

Conor 15:50
Do you know if it's a boy or girl yet? We do know. We got a genetic test that tests for healthiness things. I'm sure Shima would, as a doctor, have explained that a lot better than I did. But the key thing is that all of the things it was tested for genetically were very low risk, and also a part of that comes the gender. So we are having a baby boy.

Bryce 16:13
Oh, congratulations. That's awesome, man. I'm so excited for you.

Conor 16:16
Yeah. Wow. And the the You were probably thinking, why was it we were talking about AI for like an hour straight, and then all of a sudden Connor remembered that he's having a son. Is that uh the the reason I created my AI trainer Pace, I asked him to give himself a name, is because I am trying to run a final marathon and break 230 before the baby comes.

Bryce 16:42
And uh because there will be no marathons.

Conor 16:44
Yeah, yeah. Well, I first of all I hate marathons, they're awful. Go listen to R4 of my other podcasts and listen to me whine about how bad they are. But it's so funny because I created this AI trainer. I I I track my diet pretty closely and also my weight, and so I gave it like five years worth of weight data and a year's worth of diet data, and then was like, build me a thing to break these goals. And then after it did like a bunch of churning, it's like great news, you got good news and bad news. Good news is is like you're very fast. The bad news is that your diet is atrocious, and it's its main line was you're a 242 marathoner eating like a university student at a bake sale. And I told Shima that, and she was she thought it was so funny. Anyway, so I'm eating a lot healthier now, thanks to my AI trainer pace. But yes, we're gonna be trying to do a lot because I will be having less free time to uh do all my AI stuff once uh once the baby comes. Anyways, we got the AI trainer, we've got ArrayBox that we mentioned, we got PodGod, the player, and also the editor. I have a financial dashboard that I built back in like the Cloud 3.5 days that sits on one of my monitors pretty regularly, attracts like the price of NVIDIA, the price of the US Canadian dollar, and then like all my different other classes of whatever things like RSP, etc. Because I I thought one day there's a company in Canada called Wealth Simple, which I think loosely is the equivalent of Robinhood, which like you can kind of have all your cash, your equity, blah blah in like one account, and then it just shows you like a summary dashboard. I'm not with Wealth Simple though, and I didn't really want to switch. And so I was like, I bet I could build my own like summary dashboard by myself, which I did. So we've got the AI trainer, we've got a Ray Box. We should talk about a Ray Box because thanks to you, I was able to improve. And that's the thing, is like it wasn't even me with the ideas. You pointed me, pointed me, pointed something out, and then I was like, oh yeah, that's a great idea. Why didn't I think of that? And then sure enough, like a couple hours later, it was implemented and done. Then there's the the book that I am hopefully gonna- That's the problem now, is I got so many things that I'm working on. The book is kind of stalled. I created the title page and then that was about it. And then also, too, I've got dashboards behind ArrayBox that show like what languages people are uh using more frequently. Anyway, so now I I need more, I've got four monitors. I need more than I I should have gotten six monitors because three of my four monitors are dedicated to dashboards that are just constantly there. And you're like, do you need to constantly look at like the Wiwa and APL and BQN a little like ticks, like you know, I have a little line graph that shows when when someone submits a BQN command versus a a tiny Apple command. It brings me so much joy. You have no idea like to see people using something that you've built, and like and like even just like seeing the Pod God app on my phone, like every time I open it, it brings me so much joy for like 10 different reasons because it's like one, it's uh an app that works with no ads. It's just like it's the best app that I've I've used. And two, I built it. Like it's so it's so cool to use something like usefully. Not that I had never built anything useful before, but like something so integral, like listening to podcasts and like running, those are two things that are like such a big part of like my my week. And now that I've improved like the quality of that, like it's just such a it's it's so meaningful for me. I don't know if that it makes sense to listeners or to you, but it makes sense to me.

Bryce 20:10
I mean, like it is pretty cool. Like I have been using I have been using it myself, and yeah, it's like pretty cool. Like I showed it to Ramona and she's like, wait, Connor built this?

Conor 20:21
Yeah, well, technically Cloud 4.6 built it. I designed it and but admittedly you're using a bad version. Like there's a ton of fick I've released to myself probably like 10 newer versions of the APKs because initially, like the biggest issue with your version is that how do you mark something as like finished and then add it to the history? Like, if you only listen to like 2% of a podcast, should that go as like a listened to podcast? Because a lot of times I very aggressively will skip topics. Like there's podcasts that I listen to, like a great example is the daily. I listen to the daily five days a week, Monday to Friday, but I I could care less for the interview on Saturday, and usually they have some topic that maybe one out of every six I'll listen to on Sunday. And so usually I I just like auto-skip those. Like I just remove them. So those don't clearly shouldn't count towards the number of episodes you've listened to, but I do want it to count towards the total percentage listened to of the podcast. So like on the stats, you've got number of episodes listened to, total time, and then also percentage. And that percentage is supposed to represent what percentage of the content that this podcast puts out, regardless if you if you even started the episode, do you listen to? Because I want to know, like, over a month, what what podcast am I dedicating the most time to? And it actually makes me sad. It makes me sad that ADSP only has 30, you know, 40 minute episodes, because we're we're way down there on listening time. Now it is my goal to le release our podcast in the future, as he just mentioned that he's having a son in September. Yeah.

Bryce 21:54
When are you gonna have time to do that, Connor?

Conor 21:56
Well, my goal is by September, the pod god. Editor is gonna be like is gonna have a button called safe edit, which will re remove the the the side, it'll truncate silence, it'll remove all the ums and ahs. It won't clean up very well speaking over one another, but at least getting like tightening it up and getting rid of the ums is gonna be, although now I've gotta edit this, and probably you're not gonna hear those ums, if unless if I had enough wherewithal to keep those in so the listeners are not confused right now. But yeah, uh it's yeah, I I should stop rambling. The point is, is I I I should have had six monitors because I got so much stuff that I'm building. I don't have enough screens to to monitor all this stuff.

Bryce 22:36
Yeah, see, uh I'm I'm still I'm still just like on one monitor. I've never understood the multiple monitors things. It's like too much, it's too many distractions for me, I think, would be the problem. So so You're on one monitor?

Conor 22:46
That's a m that's a nuts, man.

Bryce 22:48
So so my setup right now, I don't know if I've talked about this here, but you know, my a lot of my ergonomic issues have gone away due to two things. One, I just work from my bed.

Conor 22:56
And as I've told people on like at work, like I'll often have my Wait, did you I I I had checked my phone because I'm supposed to have a delivery in a couple minutes. And I said did I just hear did I like and so I was my brain was catching up with the words you said. Did you just say you work from your bed? Correct.

Bryce 23:11
Well, from not from my bed, from the second bed. And uh, you know, the the I I had all these ergonomic issues for many years, like starting when I was at Berkeley Lab, and then they I I sort of fixed them when I was there, and then they continued at NVIDIA. And then during the pandemic, a lot of them went away, but I was working like more than ever. But it was during the pandemic, I was working from home, and my apartment in California, very small, did not have a desk at home because I was a big believer in separation of church and state. No, you know, I don't work from home. But then once I started working from home, I needed some place to work from, couldn't order a desk. So I just worked from my couch and I would always be like, you know, like this on my couch, typing on my laptop.

Conor 23:49
And for the listener, Bryce just like d demonstrated lying down with one arm, like holding his head up, because clearly you caught that by the silence that was there on the audio recording.

Bryce 24:02
But so so when we I continued having ergonomic issues in New York, and when we were in our first apartment, you know, I was using this desk over there, and I've I tried like every crazy keyboard, you know, I have the keyboards that like went vertical, like I have the split keyboards, the ones that go like vertical. I tried mounting them to my chair, I tried pretty much everything, and I continued having issues. But then at some point, I guess my chair, my office chair. Okay, audiophile listeners will recognize the the the sound of Bryce's old Blue Yeti because my my little road wireless microphone's battery died. Anyways, so resuming the story, so when we moved to our new apartment, my desk chair was sort of on its last leg. And the last time I had an ergonomic setup that worked for me at a desk was when I was at Berkeley Lab. And I it was with a specific like make and model of desk chair. And when I went to NVIDIA, I like sourced the same desk chair, and it was tricky because they basically don't sell them to consumers. I had to like buy it from like a like a reseller who sells mainly just to companies, and I had to drive to like the middle of nowhere in California to pick it up. Anyways, I've had this desk chair for a long time, and like the seat is like worn out. And the way that I my my latest evolution of how I uh was typing at a desk was that I had this like tray that would go on my knees, and then the keyboard would go on that tray, but like the tray was a little bit heavy, so maybe that was part of the issue. But long story short, if I sat in that chair for too long and just, you know, it was not comfortable, the setup was not comfortable. So I would start, you know, just like chilling on the bed that's in our second bedroom that's right next to where my desk is. And I just started doing that more and more, and I started noticing that a lot of my ergonomic issues were were going away. And I think that a large part of it is that they say that like the best thing for you for your like ergonomics is to be is to change positions a lot. And if I'm on the chair, if I'm like sitting at a desk, I'm basically not changing positions that frequently, and I tend to lean forward a lot. Whereas if I'm on the bed, I will rotate between sitting up cross-legged, sitting up with my legs out, and then lying on one side versus lying on the other side, and then like some other like crazy positions. And so I was telling some of my coworkers this when I was visiting at the office in January, and I told them, like, yeah, like that's that's why I'm I have my camera off a lot during meetings, because if I'm lying on my side like this, looking like a uh you know a cover model for some magazine, you know, I don't think that's the most professional look. So I leave the camera off. But anyways, yeah, it it between that and the fact that I'm not typing as much as I used to, or typing in different ways than I used to. My my work setup right now is I work from the laptop on the bed, and I do have technically a second monitor, which is my iPad. And the way I use it is that if I'm calling into a meeting where I have to like be taking notes, I'll have the iPad join the meeting so that I can look at whatever somebody's screen sharing with me while I take the notes on the uh the laptop. But that is the only second screen that I really use right now. For the most part, I work solely from this laptop, which is still a special Lenovo Anniversary Edition 25 from like eight to nine years ago. I've been waiting a while to upgrade my laptop, but we'll probably do so soon.

Conor 27:33
That is wild. Wild I don't know how you can do it. I mean, it's fine for a week if you're on site somewhere or at a conference. But especially with cursor and the fact that usually I want like a a dedicated monitor for cursor. And also, too, like I I picked up the fourth monitor and it's a 32-inch monitor. And that one is really nice because you really want more real estate for cursor because you've got your, you know, the the file folder view on the left, you've got your code in the middle, and then you've got your agent panel on the right. And a lot of times you want, you know, you gotta be watching what the trace is doing, you still want to see the code, and uh just I don't know, uh whatever. I'm probably it's in a privileged position to have so much real estate for my my cursor window. But then also too, like a lot of the stuff that I'm doing, whether it's websites or dashboards, or even you know, like I have a kernel profiling tool, like that's a work thing. I don't want that like hiding the cursor window, I want that on one of my other monitors. But I guess everyone's got their different workflow. If a single single screen on a laptop in bed works for you, who am I to judge?

Bryce 28:44
Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's been working for me. I can't complain. And you know, like, if the setup works, I'm just gonna keep doing it, and maybe I could go back to the to the desk, but I'm very happy with my current my current arrangement. I suspect I could go back to the desk. I suspect that it's just that the the AI uh is the big change in my ergonomics more than anything else.

Conor 29:07
Yeah, yeah. I was gonna say, comment in the GitHub discussion, folks, if you also work from bed. I'm guessing that I'm guessing the number of folks out there that have four monitors is much higher than the number of folks that work from bed on like a full-time basis. Uh but be sure to check these show notes either in your podcast app or at adspthepodcast.com for links to anything we mentioned in today's episode, as well as a link to a GitHub discussion where you can leave thoughts, comments, and questions. Thanks for listening. We hope you enjoyed and have a great day.

Bryce 29:38
Low quality, high quality. That is the tagline of our podcast.

Conor 29:43
It's not the tagline. Our tagline is chaos with sprinkles of information.

</details>